Hello and welcome to AWS Infrastructure with TypeScript: Getting Started.
I'm David Tucker, your instructor,
and I'm excited to be walking you through how you can use
TypeScript to create your infrastructure in the cloud.
Now if you remember from the first course within this path,
we were introduced to a fictional company called Globomantics,
and we're going to be continuing our journey with them
throughout this particular course.
But in this case,
we're not just going to be talking about it at a theoretical level.
We're actually going to be building a solution using the CDK.
So if you remember,
Ellen was the CTO at Globomantics, and they were struggling with
how to get all of the benefits of the cloud.
And one of the things they identified was they need a quality
solution for infrastructure as code and a flexible one.
So here, within this course, we're going to be introduced to Josh,
who is a cloud architect at Globomantics. And they're going to
be building out an initial proof of concept.
So let's learn a little bit more about Josh.
So Josh recently came to Globomantics,
and he does have a level of experience with Amazon Web Services,
and he has worked with CloudFormation.
So the concept of infrastructure as code is not completely new to him.
But he hasn't yet worked with the CDK, and he's the one that's
going to be in charge of building out this proof of concept for
their enterprise document management system.
So we'll be following Josh as he goes through this journey,
and here within this course, we'll be building up a sample solution.
Now here within this first module, we're going to be covering several things.
First of all,
we're going to be reviewing the architecture of the solution that
we're going to be building throughout this course.
In addition, we are going to be creating a new TypeScript CDK app using the CLI.
And this will be the app that we work with throughout the remainder
of this course. We're also going to be examining the project
configuration that's generated by the CLI.
Since we're building within TypeScript,
we're going to see the approach that the CDK takes for TypeScript projects.
We're also going to be managing our CDK packages and dependencies and
talking through some best practices of how you do this moving
forward. And we'll also be reviewing a concept from the previous
path, which is understanding the different types of constructs that
are available within the CDK.
I believe this information is essential for anyone building solutions on AWS,
and so I'm excited that you've chosen to join me here for this course on AWS Infrastructure with TypeScript: Getting Started.